Youtube page is not static (duh) it gets generated when you ask for that url.
There are only 2 differnences between the htmls. (excluding all the nonce signature)

- ytInitialData:
    which contains info about the video: links, video name, channel, like/dislike etc....

- ytInitialPlayerResponse:
    which contains info about the player

some video (the copyrighted one??) do not have an expose url, it comes in a variable called cypher
the cypher is easy to reverse, it contains the signature and the url.
the url is good but the signature is not.
The signature has to be reversed then the char in place 0 has to be swapped with char in pos 29.
The end of the signature contains a part that repeats n time, the valid sign only contains half the repeats.

the only differences between a real request and the calculated one is the query &n that has a different value.
The link works anyway even if the &n is different.

Now that we have a valid link we only need to add some queries:

- &alr=yes : only present in cyphers and should be manually added
- &cpn : no idea
- &cver : should be the version of the loaded player, you can find this value in ytInitialPlayerResponse
- &range : the range of the clip expressed in ...... no idea, the numbers are way to big for frames count
- &rn : the numbers of request made by youtube for clips. It will increase even if something goes wrong
- &rbuf : no idea, the name makes me think something about the buffer, 
        altho sometime the buffer loads (gray bar) but the value is 0

The missing queries can and should be copied from then old link.

Access-Control-Allow-Origin error
CORS is a pain.

if the subdomain of the new link is not the same of the link originally requested by youtube, CORS will raise an error.
if you overwrite the origin header with 'https://www.youtube.com' like the extension does, it will raise: 
    The 'Access-Control-Allow-Origin' header has a value 'https://www.youtube.com' that is not equal to the supplied origin.

if you don't then it will raise:
    No 'Access-Control-Allow-Origin' header is present on the requested resource